Hi.
We didn't this lecture we're going to continue our configuration so that we can bring in the Von signal
SDK case to our project.
So far we have uploaded our P. twelve file and we are ready to go and select DSD case to download.
OK.
So I'm going to say save ants.
Yeah.
We forgot to give the password that I have mentioned in the previous lecture.
So remember we have created this P twelve file with a password.
So come over here to production private key section and make sure you give the exact same password that
you have chosen.
And then after you can just say save an hour here you have to choose your SDK.
And in our case it's of course native U.S..
OK after that you can just say next and it will ask you to install the SDK and it will give you an app
I.D..
So we're going to need that app idea as well.
So make sure you're take note of this copy and paste it somewhere in your project as a note for example.
Because we are going to use it to enable the server and project connection.
So let me open the documentation for IRS SDK setup.
So as you can see we have a lot to do in this lecture as well because we are not going to just create
a path file and it will take care of everything for us but rather we are going to add a service extension.
So we have worked with this kind of thing before.
Right.
So we have created some kind of keyboard extension but this time it's going to be a push notification
extension.
So come over here to file new and rather than file say Target because we're going to work with that
extension and we have worked with this custom keyboard extension before.
But right now we're looking for this notification service extension.
OK.
So you can't do that by following this documentation as you can see it says that please choose this
notification service and then come over here and just give some name and the name should be one signal
notification service extension.
So you have to give the exact same name because were you going to use it in code as well.
So let me just choose that name copy it and choose Chilton notification service extension and paste
over here and make sure the projects and target is selected and then you can just come over here and
say activate or cancel In fact you can just say cancel because you're not going to use this to run in
our simulator right.
So as you can see it now has this as a target but rather we just want our project to be target our project
to be displayed in the simulator.
And in fact if you come over here to documentation you will see that it's actually suggests to click
on cancel rather than activating it.
So that we won't deal with this problem.
But it's fairly easy.
You can come over here to your project and select the iPhone X hour from here so that it will be reversed.
So that's it.
So now we have implemented these extension in our projects and we can see the extension in menus.
OK.
Now let's continue come over here.
And as you can see it asks us to go into the signings and take care of this deployment target think.
And it suggests us to lower our deployment target to 10.
But since we have two teams over here I don't think we need to do that.
OK.
Because we are already working with 13.
We don't need to lower it to 10.
I believe it suggests not to use it below 10.
So we are using it with 13.
So it will be okay for us.
I'm going to leave that asked her T and later on we're going to have to bring in this code in order
to initialize the app.
As you can see there is an objective c and swift files over here and we need to create that file and
bring in this as it is.
So let me do that let me open this extension okay.
The file is already created for us but we are going to delete everything inside of that extension and
we are going to replace it with the given code.
So let's do that.
Let me copy everything from here.
OK.
And select everything first.
So I believe we can do some commands a or we can just hit copy over here.
So it will copy everything.
So I'm going to do a command and delete everything from here and paste the codes in.
So that's that's what we're going to be using to connect our app to that one signal.
And as you can see we cannot imparts one signal yet because we haven't downloaded the SDK case.
That's what we're going to do now.
So after you do that you have to download the parts to your project.
It's free and easy to do that now because we have already done all the setup that we need.
Now we need to create a path file like we did before every going to use that part file in order to bring
in the projects they want signal into our projects.
So as you can see we have a path file over here and make sure you copy the latest version.
So I'm going to copied this one over here so it's kind of like 2 6 2 2 3 versions and make sure you
copy the latest version that are shown in the documentation.
OK.
So let me close this down and let me go to my project folder because I already have a pop filing my
project folder.
So if you're doing this with a new project you have to Rampart in it and you know how this works.
So let me zoom in so we can see it better.
So as you can see I have this firebase base paths and I have this as the web image pops.
So I'm going to bring in the pods as of this.
So we have to change something over here but I'm just going to show you what will happen if we don't
change it.
So it's actually good idea to read what you're doing before you do it.
So I'm going to show you how this works.
After copying and pasting and saving it in the pilot file I'm going to open my terminal because as you
know I'm going to move into my folder with change directory comments.
So my folder is under downloads so if yours is like in the desktop you have to run see the desktop and
then you can find your insta clone file your base folder and then later on I'm going to run party install
and it won't install these parts for me because I haven't configured it in a very proper Ray.
As you can see it says that you how Target named a project name over here and it doesn't make sense.
So yep we have to change that and we have to change something else as well.
So let me come over to my pop file one more time so that we can try to change it.
So let me go over to my OS complete.
Let me go to my Easter chrome file your base to my pod file and open it.
OK.
So let me zoom in so that we can see it better.
And over here we're going to see something called Project name.
And we have to change this project name.
Because we don't have this project name we have is a clone file your base.
So let me copied this and let me paste it over here.
So we have to change this target.
And here we have this one signal notification service extension as you can see.
So this board to resolve our issue I believe because a free run path to install one more time you will
see we get the same problem because we need to do one more thing.
So targeting the app and targeting the Von signal notification separately makes sense but you have to
just cut this pub and paste it over here because we already have this target over here right.
So now I just say Paul the want signal and 2 6 2 3 point 0.
And in the Von signal notification service I have the same exact versions again.
You have to use the latest version K and the round potty install.
And this time it will just install all the related dependencies for me.
As you can see I have already filed your base on other ones in my computer so it shows in black but
I'm downloading the one signal as a new pod so it shows in green and I believe it won't take much time
because we already have Firebase and we're just downloading one single pod over here.
As you can see it's already finished.
Now I'm ready to use one signal.
OK so let me close this down and let me open my workspace project.
Not the projects filed but workspace file OK after that as you can see we have to let me come over here
yep.
We already did that.
We already imported this in our extension.
And let me go to extension and as you can see in Port one signal doesn't give any error right now.
It's already indexing so everything seems to be synchronizing and working in my project.
So there is not any issue.
So let me go back to the commentator one more time and yeah we did that and now we have to add the required
capabilities inside of X code as well.
So here it is shown how to do that but it's actually changed in the U.S. 13.
So if you're using x code eleven and a bow you will just have to follow my lead rather than this.
So let me come over here and show you how it's done.
If you come over here to signing and capabilities you won't see any capabilities.
So you know we're going to add one you have to come over here and drag and drop something.
Okay.
As you can see it's my target over here selected so make sure your target project is selected rather
than your extension.
And if you cannot see a menu like this let me show you how to find this.
So you have to come over here to capability section a if you hit over here it will open something like
a library and you will see the push notifications over here and bring in that one and it doesn't end
there unfortunately we have to bring in one more thing.
And it's called background services background modes.
So bring in the background modes and under background most you have to find this remote notification.
OK so make sure you select the remote notifications and make sure you bring in the push notifications
as well.
Finally we have to add the required code.
So as you can see we have a required code in order to start this under did finish launching with options
in the app delegate as usual.
So you have to just copy and paste this code but this time you have to give your f ideas value your
one signal idea as well.
So let me come over here to app delegates and paste everything here.
OK.
As you can see this is something like running firebase that configure but it's actually a little bit
longer.
So let me import the one signal so that these errors will go away and we have to change only one single
item over here which is our app one signal app I.D..
So we have this before.
Remember the.
Had this given over here.
So you have to copy this app idea and come back to your X code project where you can just paste in the
app I.D. over here.
So I know this is a lot and this is taking too long but right now we are ready to use it.
Right now we have brought in the search goods we have done area set up that we want to do.
The last thing that we want to do is to come over here and just import the one signal.
Yeah.
We already done that.
As you can see it asks us to pace design under Abdullah.
Did finish launching with options.
Yeah we already done that and now we're done.
Now we're ready to send our first push notifications.
Finally let's stop here and within the next picture we're going to see how to send our push notifications
manually from the one signal dashboard.